there's been discussion about a war on
Christmas how would you suggest we bring
Christians back to Christmas celebrate
it to that point double trees you're not
religious I don't think you want the
best for our country
I agree they they have no place in our
society they're like leprechauns I'm a
man of faith so I believe it's about a
relationship ie got yeah yeah do you
call him do you call him something else
like phone Jesus you call you call I was
going to say do you call mob separation
between church and state do you think we
should be separate or we should consider
them together together I'm not too crazy
about either of them absolutely separate
goes back to the 1600s when those guys
ran away from England because fat
drawers are saying you have to believe
this no need to call him names I
personally think that there should not
be a separation between church and state
I think it's like it's tasty combination
it's like peanut butter and peas yeah I
like both tease em peanut butter but I
don't really you know necessarily a
piece on the regular basis I choose
other vegetables you know like carrots
in broccoli they go together like peas
and peanutbutter yeah yeah my ice cream
cake for that it fits together then
which church is the one that's going to
be with the government I believe Jesus
is the one there they're leaning towards
I think it's like my mama made me peas
and peanutbutter I think they go
together like that I don't know if peas
and peanutbutter go together but what
would you put together then as an
analogy maybe a peanut butter and jelly
that just seems too bland I just came
from Iraq a few weeks ago actually oh my
goodness what were you doing there I was
I'm a medic calm seen many gays in the
military so it's not an infestation I
haven't seen it anyway a little lesbians
how does it affect the soldiers on the
ground I don't think anybody's really
perturbed so we as conservatives care a
lot but the people who were actually
affected couldn't care less yeah King
George she's known as fat George oh yeah
I did not know that
you